{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red56\green110\blue255;\red9\green78\blue192;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi Renn,\
\'a0\
It's a pleasure to hear from you!\'a0\'a0 Although we've never met, you dad talks about you all the time!\
\'a0\
Thank you for helping with the website.\'a0\'a0 I created the site a long time ago, and I used some tools that are now obsolete.\'a0\'a0 So, it may be better to start everything from scratch.\
\'a0\
I've backed up the original page, so feel free to change anything you want.\'a0\'a0 If you need the original pages restored, I can do it in a few minutes.\
\'a0\
The main page is called\'a0"index.html", and that has all of the links to the other pages.\
\'a0\
To\'a0change the website, you simply have to modify\'a0index.html (or create a brand new file\'a0and replace index.html wit that).\
\'a0\
You can replace that file by using the "ftp" command to log into the hosting site.\'a0\'a0 To\'a0do that, simply run:\
\'a0\
ftp {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.townhallbakery.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 www.townhallbakery.com}}\
\'a0\
That will prompt you for a user name and a password.\'a0\'a0 The user name is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://my.1and1.com/FtpOverviewNG;jsessionid=E6A82B258D3DB4396198D232B738B092.TCpfix330b?__lf=ftp_edit_account_flow&__sendingdata=1&selectAccount.AccountId=102075821&selectAccount.Action=1&__pageflow=ftp_edit_account_flow&__CMD%5BFtpOverviewNG%5D:SELWRP=selectAccount"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 u35488501-thb}}\'a0and the password is rennjervis (I just set up that password today).\
\'a0\
Once you enter the username and password, you can use the "get" and "put" commands to transfer files to and from your local computer.\'a0\'a0 For example, "get index.html" will transfer index.html to your local computer (so you can edit it and change it), and "put index.html" will put the local version of index.html onto the web site.\'a0 Once you put the file, you can refresh the page in the browser and you'll see your changes.\
\'a0\
Like I mentioned, I've backup up everything, so I can reaily put everything back to the original state quite easily.\
\'a0\
For starters, you may just want to create a word document and save it as an HTML format (and let's say you saved it as newfile.html).\'a0\'a0 You can then use FTP to put that file onto {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.townhallbakery.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 www.townhallbakery.com}}.\'a0\'a0 Then, you can navigate to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.townhallbakery.com/newfile.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 www.townhallbakery.com/newfile.html}}\'a0to see the page!\
\'a0\
Anyway, please feel free to call me if you have any questions.\'a0 My cell number is (917) 716-8376.}